# Resources

> The reason we call it a URI that identifies a resource, 
rather than a UDI that identifies a document, is because 
we want a URI to reference things in the future -- to point 
to a source of future useful things. That's what resource 
means. It is therefore impossible to "retrieve" a resource, 
since the fact that it is available "over there" is an 
essential part of it being a resource; the resource remains 
over there, so the only thing that is retrieved is an 
instantaneous representation of the resource at the point in 
time at which it was generated by the origin.


> First, let's recall what a resource is: a time varying 
membership function, where the members are instances of a 
representation at various points in time. The resource can 
return different values at different times. BUT resources can 
be narrowed down into very specific semantics, if resource 
owner wishes. A resource might be "the most recent version" of 
a record, whose state might change often, or it might be a 
"specific version" of a record, and thus unchanging in state. 
These are two different resources, even though they may have 
the same representation for a period of time. A resource may 
even contain format metadata and constrain the language emitted, 
though content negotiation may be preferred.

https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/blog/rest-api-design-resource-modeling

> It is very important to distinguish between resources in 
REST API and domain entities in a domain driven design. Domain 
driven design applies to the implementation side of things 
(including API implementation) while resources in REST API 
drive the API design and contract. API resource selection should 
not depend on the underlying domain implementation details.

> The web is not your domain, it's a document management system.  
All the HTTP verbs apply to the document management domain. URIs 
do NOT map onto domain objects - that violates encapsulation.  
Work (ex: issuing commands to the domain model) is a side effect 
of managing resources.  In other words, the resources are part of the 
anti-corruption layer.  You should expect to have many many more 
resources in your integration domain than you do business objects in 
your business domain.
>  
>  Resources adapt your domain model for the web
